.\" Copyright 2017 by Pablo Yanez Trujillo <shaoran@sakuranohana.org>
.\" 
.\" This is free software. Please read the file COPYING if you
.\" want to use/edit/distribuite this source file.
.\" This source file is protected by the GNU GPL-2
.\" NOTE: There is NO  warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or 
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.TH "hexcalc" "5" "July 2017" "Version 2.1.0" "Hexcalc"
.SH "SINOPSYS"

.B hexcalc
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] \fR[\fIspecs file\fR]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"

.B hexcalc
is a handy hex calculator and register contents visualiser for assembly programmers.

.B hexcalc
has a command line interface where you type in your commands. Compiling \fBhexcalc\fR
with the \fBGNU Readline\fR library, makes the command line interface behave
like the command line interface of the \fIbash\fR-shell (or any other \fBreadline\fR
enabled program). It has a built-in history and you can access it using the the
arrow keys or any other keyboard combination. You can also add your own key bindings
by adding them in \fI~/.inputrc\fR. It also support conditionals on the \fI~/.inputrc\fR,
the application name is \fBhexcalc\fR.

.HP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-history\fR=\fIFILE\fR
.IP
The path of the history file. By default \fI~/.hexcalc_history\fR. This option
is only available when compiled with \fBGNU Readline\fR.

.HP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
.IP
Shows the help

.HP
\fBspecs file\fR
.IP
A special file containing the specs of several cpu registers. If this argument is passed,
it will be automatically loaded (See the \fBR\fR command).
.IP
To learn more about this file take a look at \fI${datadir}/hexcalc/specs/sample-spec\fR.

.SH "COMMANDS"

\fBOutput command\fR
.HP
\fBp\fR
.IP
Print accumulator
.HP
\fBI\fR
.IP
Toogle indices
\fBModification commands\fR
.HP
\fBw\fR \fIWIDTH\fR 
.IP
Set accumulator's width. Range: 1 - 16
.HP
\fBw\fR
.IP
Print current width
